we had very good news Louis over the
weekend in the sports world as the New
England Patriots our hometown team
defeated the Indianapolis Colts in the
AFC Championship they will face the
Seattle Seahawks one day before my 31st
birthday februari first uh in the Super
Bowl and almost immediately after the
game after what was a crushing defeat of
the Indianapolis Colts hypotheses
started floating around that the
Patriots had manipulated the footballs
in a way that was meant to help the
Patriots win and Louis if I understand
correctly it was very cold that day in a
New England at foxboro and the balls
were allegedly deflated because that
would help the quarterbacks grip the
balls better but what I'm confused about
with this with this hypothesis is
wouldn't this have helped both
quarterbacks equally well this was all
started by a Colts reporter of some of
some sort and it just went completely
viral the referees are handling the
balls they check the balls bear aware of
what's happening with them I would
assume that if they're using the same
ball for a period of time yes both
quarterbacks would be throwing the same
deflated ball and even if the ball were
slightly deflated only in possession
while under possession of the Patriots
there is no way that that would rude and
in a 45 to seven football game yeah and
it will away I think the argument this
one thing that started it was there was
an interception I believe it was and
after that interception that's where the
Colts got a ball that was presumably a
ball that only the Patriots were using
if they were not have turned the ball
over the paid the Colts players thought
the ball felt weird after the change of
possession and brought it over somewhere
and that's where the idea may have
stemmed from that this was only the
Patriots balls but clearly it didn't
work that well because the suspicious
ball was a ball that was taken up but
that was caught for an interception by
the Colts it really seems to me like uh
uh just grasping at straws to be
perfectly honest people like to accuse
the Patriots of cheating there is a
thing that happened a while back where
the Patriots had someone trying to
figure out other
teams uh signals uh and I think that's
what's kinda started all of this and now
they think that the coach in the team
are just all cheaters but um it was just
it was it was it just a whooping that's
all it was the other thing that I think
people may be forgetting is that uh what
sometimes happens with car tires which
is if you have them inflated to a
certain pressure during the summer here
New England where we're not New England
more here in New York or in New England
where I've been used to driving most of
my life uh when you when it then gets
very cold the pressure change can
actually make the car realize that the
tires are no longer inflated enough and
you have to add additional air when it
gets very cold wouldn't it be
conceivable Louis that if these balls
were inflated somewhere indoors then
they're brought out into the very cold
temperatures that you could have some of
the same effect couldn't you you could
the the air you know air expands as it
gets hotter so of course when it gets
colder the opposite happens and I could
see that happening but the this is all
just nonsense um people just don't like
the Patriots because they've been so
successful over the past 14 years